---
title: "How global climate change is reshaping our granary?"
---

As the Earth's temperature slowly rises, we are not only facing disappearing glaciers, rising sea levels and an increase in extreme weather events - our food security is also being threatened as never before. The impacts of global warming on agriculture are far-reaching and complex, and from shifts in planting seasons to adjustments in crop growth cycles, climate change is rewriting the global food production map.

But this story is not a one-dimensional pessimistic narrative. It is a story of challenge and opportunity, crisis and innovation. It involves scientists, farmers, policymakers and ordinary citizens, each working to address this global challenge. Through three interactive charts - showing changes in global temperature trends, population growth, and food production - we'll take you on a deep dive into how global warming is affecting our "breadbasket," and what we can do about it. "and what we can do to protect and sustain our food supply chain.


```{=html}
<iframe height="400" width="100%" frameborder="no" src="https://jinwchao.shinyapps.io/personal_app/"> </iframe>
```


As we delve into how global warming is reshaping our world, the first graphic provides a visual window to witness the effects of this phenomenon on a global scale. This interactive line chart crafts a simple yet powerful story: temperature trends over time across the planet.

With the horizontal axis, we follow the march of time from the Industrial Revolution in the 19th century to the present day. The vertical axis, on the other hand, presents us with a reality that can't be ignored - rising average global temperatures. And the drop-down bar next to the chart, which allows us to select different countries, reveals a key truth: while global warming is a global problem, it manifests itself in specific ways and affects different countries to different degrees.

This graph is more than just a collection of data; it is a look back at the history of climate change over the past few centuries, but also a foretaste of what is to come. It shows us how, over time, temperatures have been gradually increasing around the globe, and how these changes have far-reaching implications for every life on Earth. By looking at these temperature trends, we can begin to understand the impact that global warming may have on our "breadbasket" - global food production.

Translated with DeepL.com (free version)